guns and roses reunited this past week
for a show in South Africa well almost
while Axl was up in New York playing
Governors Ball as G&R the kings of chaos
hit Cape Town South Africa kings of
chaos is really a loose group of rock
and roll royalty that tours the world
featuring Joe Elliott from Def Leppard
Steve Stevens from Billy Idol's band
Duff drummer Matt Sorum and guitarist
Gilby Clarke of Guns N'Roses
and others however this past weekend was
a special treat the addition of slash to
the fold made it essentially Guns
N'Roses without Axl handling vocal
duties with slashes conspirator Myles
Kennedy as they rip through G in our
classics the band has another gig this
coming weekend in Sun City artisan news
caught up with Duff at the musician's
assistance program or map benefit and he
talked about his other new group with
some friends from Seattle I'm playing a
band called the walking papers and we're
where we start on download in the UK in
a couple weeks and then we're on the
uproar tour with Alice in Chains and in
August and September walking papers
features drummer Barrett Martin who
played with Screaming Trees mad season
and totora back in the late 80s early
90s many artists were struggling with
addiction and Duff talked about maps new
initiatives whereby artists can get help
and support anywhere in the world you
can make calls yeah just about anywhere
you can call map you can be pretty much
anywhere in the world and they can
they'll hook you up if you're out there
and you're trying to be so stay sober
they can hook you up with somebody Maps
initiative the music care sober touring
network is a database of individuals
across the US and also the world who can
take music people to recovery support
meetings while on the road